undefVar        : ok
zlyTypOperacji1 : ok
zlyTypOperacji2 : ok
zlyTypOperacji3 : ok
zlyTypOperacji4 : ok
zlyTypOperacji5 : ok
zlyTypOperacji6 : ok
zlyTypOperacji7 : ok
zlyTypOperacji8 : ok
zlyTypOperacji9 : ok
zlyTypOperacji10: ok
zlyTypOperacji11: ok
zlyTypUnarny1   : ok
zlyTypUnarny2   : ok
zleNegowanie1   : ok
if1             : ok
if2             : ok
if3             : ok
if4             : ok
or1             : ok
or2             : ok
or3             : ok
and1            : ok
and2            : ok
and3            : ok
eq1             : ok
eq2             : ok
eq3             : ok
eq4             : ok
eq5             : ok
eq6             : ok
eq7             : ok
eq8             : ok
eq9             : ok
eq10            : ok
let1            : ok
let1            : ok
let2            : ok
let3            : ok
let4            : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
typeError1      : ok
typeError2      : ok
typeError3      : ok
nodefvar        : ok
simple          : ok
simple2         : ok
mult            : ok
multminus       : ok
noint           : ok
divByZero       : ok
if1             : ok
if2             : ok
badif           : ok
typebadif       : ok
ifor            : ok
ifand           : ok
let             : ok
ifinif          : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
lazyIf_with_vars: ok
lazyIf          : ok
lazyIf_with_false: ok
let_test        : ok
tricky_arithmetic: ok
lots_of_minuses : ok
proper_or       : ok
proper_and      : ok
minus_bool      : ok
plus_associativity: ok
or_associativity: ok
variable_used_more_than_once: ok
unused_variable : ok
basic_arithmetic: ok
arithmetic_with_bool_unary: ok
arithmetic_with_bool_binary: ok
more_variables  : ok
variables_with_undefined: ok
proper_order_of_let: ok
is_number_true  : ok
normal_if       : ok
trivial_associativity: ok
number_as_bool  : ok
negation        : ok
double_negation : ok
simple_arithmetic_with_parentheses: ok
equality_operators_with_bool: ok
other_let       : ok
nested_let      : ok
prac1           : ok
lazyIf_dependent_from_var: ok
bool_variable   : ok
changing_type   : wrong answer
changing_type2  : ok
singleVar       : ok
not             : ok
not2            : ok
neg             : ok
and             : ok
and2            : ok
and3            : ok
and4            : ok
or              : ok
or2             : ok
or3             : ok
or4             : ok
eq              : ok
eq2             : ok
nEq             : ok
nEq2            : ok
LT              : ok
LT2             : ok
GT              : ok
GT2             : ok
LE              : ok
LE2             : ok
LE3             : ok
GE              : ok
GE2             : ok
GE3             : ok
add             : ok
sub             : ok
mul             : ok
div             : ok
mod             : ok
let             : ok
muchInput       : ok
tricky          : ok
tricky2         : ok
tricky3         : ok
tricky4         : ok
bool            : ok
bool2           : ok
numberAsBool    : ok
wrongLet        : ok
numberAsBool2   : ok
numberAsBool3   : ok
boolAsNumber    : ok
op              : ok
op_Er           : ok
if              : ok
if_Er           : ok
if_Div          : ok
let             : ok
div             : ok
double_If       : ok
triple_If       : ok
let_Er          : ok
mult_Add        : ok
mult_Sub        : ok
Add_Sub_Er      : ok
bool_Er         : ok
bool            : ok
mod_Er          : ok
no_eval         : ok
simplifyOperators: ok
ifStatement     : ok
negationSimplifiedToTrue: ok
simpleInputIn   : ok
errorWithBoolInIf: ok
evaluateBoolExpression: ok
checkBoolInIf   : ok
undefinedVariables: ok
notValidReturnThen: ok
properIfLazy    : ok
quiteHardIfExpr : ok
multipleSums    : ok
thereIsUnusedVar: ok
scriptInterpretLanguage: ok
orAppliedToNumberAndBool: ok
multipleSubstractions: ok
errorWithBoolInIf: ok
priorityOperators: ok
binaryWithUnaryOperator: ok
alwaysReturnInput: ok
usingUndefinedVariable: ok
mixedBoolAndIntegerOperator: ok
meine           : ok
nestedIfElse    : ok
letStatementNested: ok
negationIf      : ok
cokolwiek       : ok
val_inc         : ok
val_inc1        : ok
val_unarny      : ok
val_letOP5priority: ok
val_letOP6priority: ok
val_if          : ok
val_if2         : ok
val_if3         : ok
val_ifNeg       : ok
val_let         : ok
val_contr       : ok
val_combined    : ok
type_TandF      : ok
type_mod        : ok
type_badReturn  : ok
type_undefVar   : ok
type_let        : ok
type_let2       : ok
type_if         : ok
type_if2        : ok
type_ifNeg      : ok
type_add        : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
smplTest1       : ok
smplTest2       : ok
smplTest3       : ok
smplTest4       : ok
smplTest5       : ok
smplTest6       : ok
smplTest7       : ok
smplTypeTest8   : ok
smplTypeTest9   : ok
smplTypeTest10  : ok
smplLet11       : ok
smplTypeLet11   : ok
smplTypeIf12    : ok
smplIf13        : ok
smplIf14        : ok
smplIf15        : ok
smplTest16      : ok
override        : ok
smplTest18      : ok
smplTest19      : ok
smplTest20      : ok
prioBool21      : ok
smplTypeTest22  : ok
simple_eva_1    : ok
simple_eva_2    : ok
simple_eva_3    : ok
simple_eva_4    : ok
simple_eva_5    : ok
simple_ari_mod  : ok
simple_ari_div  : ok
simple_inc_1    : ok
simple_inc_2    : ok
simple_inc_3    : ok
simple_inc_4    : ok
simple_inc_5    : ok
cmp_eva_1       : ok
cmp_eva_2       : ok
cmp_eva_3       : ok
cmp_eva_4       : ok
cmp_eva_5       : ok
cmp_ari_mod     : ok
cmp_ari_div     : ok
cmp_inc_1       : ok
cmp_inc_2       : ok
cmp_inc_3       : ok
cmp_inc_4       : ok
cmp_inc_5       : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
dzialania1      : ok
dzialania2      : ok
dzialania3      : ok
dzialania4      : ok
dzialania5      : ok
dzialania6      : ok
zmienne1        : ok
zmienne2        : ok
zmienne3        : ok
zmienne4        : ok
zmienne5        : ok
zmienne6        : ok
zmienne7        : ok
zmienne8        : ok
zmienne9        : ok
zmienne10       : ok
zmienne11       : ok
zmienne12       : ok
zmienne13       : ok
zmienne14       : ok
zmienne15       : ok
zmienne16       : ok
zmienne17       : ok
let1            : ok
let2            : ok
let3            : ok
ify1            : ok
ify2            : ok
ify3            : ok
ify4            : ok
prostewarunki1  : ok
prostewarunki2  : ok
prostewarunki3  : ok
prostewarunki4  : ok
prostewarunki5  : ok
prostewarunki6  : ok
prostewarunki7  : ok
prostewarunki8  : ok
prostewarunki9  : ok
prostewarunki10 : ok
dzialaniawarunki1: ok
dzialaniawarunki2: ok
dzialaniawarunki3: ok
dzialaniawarunki4: ok
dzialaniawarunki5: ok
dzialaniawarunki6: ok
dzialaniawarunki7: ok
dzialaniawarunki8: ok
dzialaniawarunki9: ok
boolwarunki1    : ok
boolwarunki2    : ok
boolwarunki3    : ok
boolwarunki4    : ok
boolwarunki5    : ok
boolwarunki6    : ok
boolwarunki7    : ok
prostezagniezdzone1: ok
prostezagniezdzone2: ok
prostezagniezdzone3: ok
warunkizagniezdzone1: ok
warunkizagniezdzone2: ok
warunkizagniezdzone3: ok
nietypowy1      : ok
RuntimeError1   : ok
RuntimeError2   : ok
TypeError1      : ok
TypeError2      : ok
TypeError3      : ok
TypeError4      : ok
TypeError5      : ok
TypeError6      : ok
TypeError7      : ok
TypeError8      : ok
TypeError9      : ok
TypeError10     : ok
TypeError11     : ok
TypeError12     : ok
cantReturnBool1 : ok
nestedExpError  : ok
cantReturnBool2 : ok
num             : ok
mathExp1        : ok
mathExp2        : ok
mathExp3        : ok
letExp          : ok
ifExp1          : ok
ifExp2          : ok
ifExp3          : ok
nestedExp       : ok
trickyExp       : ok
notTrickyError  : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
addTrue         : ok
addition        : ok
substraction    : ok
addition2       : ok
substraction2   : ok
times           : ok
div             : ok
addandtimes     : ok
wrongtimes      : ok
iftest1         : ok
iftest2         : ok
lettest1        : ok
lettest2        : ok
runtimeerrortest: ok
runtimeerrortest2: ok
onlytrue        : ok
parentheses1    : ok
parentheses2    : ok
lettest3        : ok
lettest4        : ok
lettest5        : ok
commentin       : ok
simpletest      : ok
simpletest2     : ok
simpletest3     : ok
simpletest4     : ok
simpletest5     : ok
simpletest6     : ok
simpletest7     : ok
lootsofvar      : ok
constValue      : ok
unary           : ok
decrement       : ok
doesntMakeSense : ok
notAllUsed      : ok
constant        : ok
looksBadButItsNot: ok
looksBadAndItsBad: ok
runtimeAnyway   : ok
undefVar        : ok
intIf           : ok
wrongUBool      : ok
wrongUInt       : ok
wrongBInt       : ok
wrongBBool      : ok
wrongBRel       : ok
differentInIf   : ok
inputAlwaysInt  : ok
wrongResult     : ok
opticalIllusion : ok
inc             : ok
binary_op_add   : ok
negative_num    : ok
binary_op_mod   : ok
binary_op_div   : ok
operators_precedence: ok
parentheses1    : ok
parentheses2    : ok
should_not_overflow: ok
zero_division   : ok
let             : ok
let_override    : ok
nested_let      : ok
let_if_boolean  : ok
if_true         : ok
if_false        : ok
let_with_if     : ok
comparison_gt   : ok
comparison_gte  : ok
comparison_neq2 : ok
logical_op      : ok
logical_op2     : ok
unary_op        : ok
unary_op_not    : ok
boolean_var     : ok
boolean_var2    : ok
comment         : ok
undefVar        : ok
minusBool       : ok
mod_bool        : ok
notInteger      : ok
orInteger       : ok
and_op_numbers  : ok
if_result       : ok
let_bool        : ok
int_input       : ok
compare_bool_gt : ok
compare_bool_gte: ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
smplTest1       : ok
smplTest2       : ok
smplTest3       : ok
smplTest4       : ok
smplTest5       : ok
smplTest6       : ok
smplTest7       : ok
smplTypeTest8   : ok
smplTypeTest9   : ok
smplTypeTest10  : ok
smplLet11       : ok
smplTypeLet11   : ok
smplTypeIf12    : ok
smplIf13        : ok
smplIf14        : ok
smplIf15        : ok
smplTest16      : ok
override        : ok
smplTest18      : ok
smplTest19      : ok
smplTest20      : ok
prioBool21      : ok
smplTypeTest22  : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
singleVar       : ok
not             : ok
not2            : ok
neg             : ok
and             : ok
and2            : ok
and3            : ok
and4            : ok
or              : ok
or2             : ok
or3             : ok
or4             : ok
eq              : ok
eq2             : ok
nEq             : ok
nEq2            : ok
LT              : ok
LT2             : ok
LT3             : ok
GT              : ok
GT2             : ok
GT3             : ok
LE              : ok
LE2             : ok
LE3             : ok
GE              : ok
GE2             : ok
GE3             : ok
add             : ok
sub             : ok
mul             : ok
div             : ok
mod             : ok
let             : ok
muchInput       : ok
tricky          : ok
tricky2         : ok
tricky3         : ok
tricky4         : ok
bool            : ok
bool2           : ok
const           : ok
nestedIf        : ok
nestedLet       : ok
numberAsBool    : ok
numberAsBool2   : ok
numberAsBool3   : ok
boolAsNumber    : ok
zero            : ok
input           : ok
letTest         : ok
lazyIf          : ok
nestedIfs       : ok
nestedIfs2      : ok
nestedIfs3      : ok
nestedLet       : ok
unaryOp         : ok
abs             : ok
badTypes1       : ok
badTypes2       : ok
badTypes3       : ok
RuntimeError1   : ok
RuntimeError2   : ok
RuntimeError3   : ok
min2            : ok
min2            : ok
min3            : ok
min3            : ok
min3            : ok
1opEq1          : ok
1opEq2          : ok
1opInEq1        : ok
1opInEq2        : ok
1opLe1          : ok
1opLe2          : ok
1opGr1          : ok
1opGr2          : ok
1opLeEq1        : ok
1opLeEq2        : ok
1opLeEq3        : ok
1opGrEq1        : ok
1opGrEq2        : ok
1opGrEq3        : ok
opAdd           : ok
opSub           : ok
opMult          : ok
opDiv           : ok
opMod           : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
BAddTest        : ok
BSubTest        : ok
BMulTest        : ok
BDivTest        : ok
BDivTestNeg     : ok
BModTest        : ok
BModTestNeg     : ok
BAndTest1       : ok
BAndTest2       : ok
BOrTest1        : ok
BOrTest2        : ok
BOrAndTest1     : ok
BOrAndTest2     : ok
BOrAndTest3     : ok
BAddIVTest      : ok
BDivIVTest      : ok
BModIVTest      : ok
UNegTest        : ok
UNotTest1       : ok
UNotTest2       : ok
UNotTest3       : ok
UNegIVTest      : ok
UNotIVTest      : ok
BEqTest1        : ok
BEqTest2        : ok
BNEqTest1       : ok
BNEqTest2       : ok
BLessTest1      : ok
BLessTest2      : ok
BGrtTest1       : ok
BGrtTest2       : ok
BLessEqTest1    : ok
BLessEqTest2    : ok
BLessEqTest3    : ok
BGrtEqTest1     : ok
BGrtEqTest2     : ok
BGrtEqTest3     : ok
BEqIVTest       : ok
LetInTest1      : ok
LetInTest2      : ok
IfElseIf1       : ok
IfElseIf2       : ok
someTypeError1  : ok
someTypeError2  : ok
singleVar       : ok
constOnly       : ok
constAndVar     : ok
typeError1      : ok
typeError2      : ok
typeError3      : ok
typeError4      : ok
typeError5      : ok
typeError6      : ok
typeError7      : ok
typeError8      : ok
typeError9      : ok
typeError10     : ok
boolIfTrue      : ok
boolIfFalse     : ok
opNeg1          : ok
opNeg2          : ok
opAdd1          : ok
opAdd2          : ok
opSub1          : ok
opSub2          : ok
opMul1          : ok
opMul2          : ok
opMul3          : ok
opDiv1          : ok
opDiv2          : ok
opDiv3          : ok
2opEq1          : ok
2opEq2          : ok
2opNeq1         : ok
2opNeq2         : ok
2opLE1          : ok
2opLE2          : ok
2opGE1          : ok
2opGE2          : ok
2opL1           : ok
2opL2           : ok
2opG1           : ok
2opG2           : ok
opNot1          : ok
opNot2          : ok
opAnd1          : ok
opAnd2          : ok
opAnd3          : ok
opAnd4          : ok
opOr1           : ok
opOr2           : ok
opOr2           : ok
opOr2           : ok
opMod1          : ok
opMod2          : ok
ifInIf1         : ok
ifInIf2         : ok
ifInIf3         : ok
ifInIf4         : ok
ifNotWhoops     : ok
ifWhoops        : ok
letTest1        : ok
letTest2        : ok
letTest3        : ok
letTest4        : ok
letInLet1       : ok
letInLet2       : ok
addBool         : ok
mulBool         : ok
uMinusBool      : ok
eqBool          : ok
eqBool2         : ok
notInt          : ok
andInt          : ok
orInt           : ok
undefVar2       : ok
doubleletx      : ok
doubleletx2     : ok
badbranch       : ok
badbranch2      : ok
badbranch3      : ok
div0_1          : ok
div0_2          : ok
div0_3          : ok
div0_4          : ok
div0_5          : ok
mod0_1          : ok
mod0_2          : ok
mod0_3          : ok
mod0_4          : ok
mod0_5          : ok
add1            : ok
add2            : ok
add3            : ok
add4            : ok
sub1            : ok
sub2            : ok
sub3            : ok
sub4            : ok
mul1            : ok
mul2            : ok
mul3            : ok
mul4            : ok
div1            : ok
div2            : ok
div3            : ok
div4            : ok
mod1            : ok
mod2            : ok
mod3            : ok
mod4            : ok
prog1_0         : ok
prog1_1         : ok
prog1_2         : ok
prog2_0         : ok
prog2_1         : ok
prog3_0         : ok
prog4_0         : ok
prog4_1         : ok
prog4_2         : ok
prog4_3         : ok
prog4_4         : ok
prog4_5         : ok
prog4_6         : ok
prog4_7         : ok
prog4_8         : ok
prog4_9         : ok
prog5_0         : ok
prog5_1         : ok
prog6_0         : ok
prog6_1         : ok
prog7_0         : ok
prog7_1         : ok
prog7_2         : ok
prog7_3         : ok
I'm Still Standing: ok
Nikita          : ok
Your Song       : ok
Rocket Man      : ok
Crocodile Rock  : ok
Daniel          : ok
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road: ok
Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me: ok
Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word: ok
The Last Song   : ok
Sacrifice       : ok
Circle Of Life  : ok
Candle In the Wind: ok
Can You Feel The Love Tonight?: ok
Tubular Bells   : ok
Tubular Bells II: ok
Tubular Bells III: ok
Voyager         : ok
QE2             : ok
Five Miles Out  : ok
Crises          : ok
Ommadawn        : ok
Return to Ommadawn: ok
The Songs Of Distant Earth: ok
Guitars         : ok
Man On The Rocks: ok
Tubular Bells 2003: ok
Heaven's Open   : ok
cantReturnBool1 : ok
cantReturnBool2 : ok
mathExp1        : ok
mathExp2        : ok
mathExp3        : ok
ifExp1          : ok
ifExp2          : ok
nestedExp       : ok
nestedExpError  : ok
trickyExp       : ok
notTrickyError  : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
dzialania1      : ok
dzialania2      : ok
dzialania3      : ok
dzialania4      : ok
dzialania5      : ok
dzialania6      : ok
zmienne1        : ok
zmienne2        : ok
zmienne3        : ok
zmienne4        : ok
zmienne5        : ok
zmienne6        : ok
zmienne7        : ok
zmienne8        : ok
zmienne9        : ok
zmienne10       : ok
zmienne11       : ok
zmienne12       : ok
zmienne13       : ok
zmienne14       : ok
zmienne15       : ok
zmienne16       : ok
zmienne17       : ok
let1            : ok
let2            : ok
let3            : ok
ify1            : ok
ify2            : ok
ify3            : ok
ify4            : ok
prostewarunki1  : ok
prostewarunki2  : ok
prostewarunki3  : ok
prostewarunki4  : ok
prostewarunki5  : ok
prostewarunki6  : ok
prostewarunki7  : ok
prostewarunki8  : ok
prostewarunki9  : ok
prostewarunki10 : ok
dzialaniawarunki1: ok
dzialaniawarunki2: ok
dzialaniawarunki3: ok
dzialaniawarunki4: ok
dzialaniawarunki5: ok
dzialaniawarunki6: ok
dzialaniawarunki7: ok
dzialaniawarunki8: ok
dzialaniawarunki9: ok
boolwarunki1    : ok
boolwarunki2    : ok
boolwarunki3    : ok
boolwarunki4    : ok
boolwarunki5    : ok
boolwarunki6    : ok
boolwarunki7    : ok
prostezagniezdzone1: ok
prostezagniezdzone2: ok
prostezagniezdzone3: ok
warunkizagniezdzone1: ok
warunkizagniezdzone2: ok
warunkizagniezdzone3: ok
nietypowy1      : ok
RuntimeError1   : ok
RuntimeError2   : ok
TypeError1      : ok
TypeError2      : ok
TypeError3      : ok
TypeError4      : ok
TypeError5      : ok
TypeError6      : ok
TypeError7      : ok
TypeError8      : ok
TypeError9      : ok
TypeError10     : ok
TypeError11     : ok
TypeError12     : ok
minus one       : ok
second one      : ok
no arguments    : ok
anything        : ok
just numbers    : ok
with undefined variable: ok
not used variables: ok
let             : ok
large sum       : ok
zero            : ok
undefined variable: ok
a number        : ok
Runtime Error   : ok
let bool        : ok
minus without ()'s: ok
a lot of minuses: ok
number as condition: ok
nots            : ok
1 + true        : ok
dividing by zero: ok
Poland is the best: ok
let in let      : ok
bool return     : ok
if with different types: ok
nested ifs      : ok
the last one    : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
lazyIf_with_vars: ok
lazyIf          : ok
lazyIf_with_false: ok
let_test        : ok
tricky_arithmetic: ok
lots_of_minuses : ok
proper_or       : ok
proper_and      : ok
minus_bool      : ok
plus_associativity: ok
or_associativity: ok
variable_used_more_than_once: ok
unused_variable : ok
basic_arithmetic: ok
arithmetic_with_bool_unary: ok
arithmetic_with_bool_binary: ok
more_variables  : ok
variables_with_undefined: ok
proper_order_of_let: ok
is_number_true  : ok
normal_if       : ok
trivial_associativity: ok
number_as_bool  : ok
negation        : ok
double_negation : ok
simple_arithmetic_with_parentheses: ok
equality_operators_with_bool: ok
other_let       : ok
nested_let      : ok
prac1           : ok
lazyIf_dependent_from_var: ok
bool_variable   : ok
changing_type   : wrong answer
changing_type2  : ok
singleVar       : ok
not             : ok
not2            : ok
neg             : ok
and             : ok
and2            : ok
and3            : ok
and4            : ok
or              : ok
or2             : ok
or3             : ok
or4             : ok
eq              : ok
eq2             : ok
nEq             : ok
nEq2            : ok
LT              : ok
LT2             : ok
GT              : ok
GT2             : ok
LE              : ok
LE2             : ok
LE3             : ok
GE              : ok
GE2             : ok
GE3             : ok
add             : ok
sub             : ok
mul             : ok
div             : ok
mod             : ok
let             : ok
muchInput       : ok
tricky          : ok
tricky2         : ok
tricky3         : ok
tricky4         : ok
bool            : ok
bool2           : ok
numberAsBool    : ok
wrongLet        : ok
numberAsBool2   : ok
numberAsBool3   : ok
boolAsNumber    : ok
op              : ok
op_Er           : ok
if              : ok
if_Er           : ok
if_Div          : ok
let             : ok
div             : ok
double_If       : ok
triple_If       : ok
let_Er          : ok
mult_Add        : ok
mult_Sub        : ok
Add_Sub_Er      : ok
bool_Er         : ok
bool            : ok
mod_Er          : ok
no_eval         : ok
simplifyOperators: ok
ifStatement     : ok
negationSimplifiedToTrue: ok
simpleInputIn   : ok
errorWithBoolInIf: ok
evaluateBoolExpression: ok
checkBoolInIf   : ok
undefinedVariables: ok
notValidReturnThen: ok
properIfLazy    : ok
quiteHardIfExpr : ok
multipleSums    : ok
thereIsUnusedVar: ok
scriptInterpretLanguage: ok
orAppliedToNumberAndBool: ok
multipleSubstractions: ok
errorWithBoolInIf: ok
priorityOperators: ok
binaryWithUnaryOperator: ok
alwaysReturnInput: ok
usingUndefinedVariable: ok
mixedBoolAndIntegerOperator: ok
meine           : ok
nestedIfElse    : ok
letStatementNested: ok
negationIf      : ok
cokolwiek       : ok
val_inc         : ok
val_inc1        : ok
val_unarny      : ok
val_letOP5priority: ok
val_letOP6priority: ok
val_if          : ok
val_if2         : ok
val_if3         : ok
val_ifNeg       : ok
val_let         : ok
val_contr       : ok
val_combined    : ok
type_TandF      : ok
type_mod        : ok
type_badReturn  : ok
type_undefVar   : ok
type_let        : ok
type_if         : ok
type_if2        : ok
type_ifNeg      : ok
type_add        : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
smplTest1       : ok
smplTest2       : ok
smplTest3       : ok
smplTest4       : ok
smplTest5       : ok
smplTest6       : ok
smplTest7       : ok
smplTypeTest8   : ok
smplTypeTest9   : ok
smplTypeTest10  : ok
smplLet11       : ok
smplTypeLet11   : ok
smplTypeIf12    : ok
smplIf13        : ok
smplIf14        : ok
smplIf15        : ok
smplTest16      : ok
override        : ok
smplTest18      : ok
smplTest19      : ok
smplTest20      : ok
prioBool21      : ok
smplTypeTest22  : ok
simple_eva_1    : ok
simple_eva_2    : ok
simple_eva_3    : ok
simple_eva_4    : ok
simple_eva_5    : ok
simple_ari_mod  : ok
simple_ari_div  : ok
simple_inc_1    : ok
simple_inc_2    : ok
simple_inc_3    : ok
simple_inc_4    : ok
simple_inc_5    : ok
cmp_eva_1       : ok
cmp_eva_2       : ok
cmp_eva_3       : ok
cmp_eva_4       : ok
cmp_eva_5       : ok
cmp_ari_mod     : ok
cmp_ari_div     : ok
cmp_inc_1       : ok
cmp_inc_2       : ok
cmp_inc_3       : ok
cmp_inc_4       : ok
cmp_inc_5       : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
dzialania1      : ok
dzialania2      : ok
dzialania3      : ok
dzialania4      : ok
dzialania5      : ok
dzialania6      : ok
zmienne1        : ok
zmienne2        : ok
zmienne3        : ok
zmienne4        : ok
zmienne5        : ok
zmienne6        : ok
zmienne7        : ok
zmienne8        : ok
zmienne9        : ok
zmienne10       : ok
zmienne11       : ok
zmienne12       : ok
zmienne13       : ok
zmienne14       : ok
zmienne15       : ok
zmienne16       : ok
zmienne17       : ok
let1            : ok
let2            : ok
let3            : ok
ify1            : ok
ify2            : ok
ify3            : ok
ify4            : ok
prostewarunki1  : ok
prostewarunki2  : ok
prostewarunki3  : ok
prostewarunki4  : ok
prostewarunki5  : ok
prostewarunki6  : ok
prostewarunki7  : ok
prostewarunki8  : ok
prostewarunki9  : ok
prostewarunki10 : ok
dzialaniawarunki1: ok
dzialaniawarunki2: ok
dzialaniawarunki3: ok
dzialaniawarunki4: ok
dzialaniawarunki5: ok
dzialaniawarunki6: ok
dzialaniawarunki7: ok
dzialaniawarunki8: ok
dzialaniawarunki9: ok
boolwarunki1    : ok
boolwarunki2    : ok
boolwarunki3    : ok
boolwarunki4    : ok
boolwarunki5    : ok
boolwarunki6    : ok
boolwarunki7    : ok
prostezagniezdzone1: ok
prostezagniezdzone2: ok
prostezagniezdzone3: ok
warunkizagniezdzone1: ok
warunkizagniezdzone2: ok
warunkizagniezdzone3: ok
nietypowy1      : ok
RuntimeError1   : ok
RuntimeError2   : ok
TypeError1      : ok
TypeError2      : ok
TypeError3      : ok
TypeError4      : ok
TypeError5      : ok
TypeError6      : ok
TypeError7      : ok
TypeError8      : ok
TypeError9      : ok
TypeError10     : ok
TypeError11     : ok
TypeError12     : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
opbin-          : ok
opbin*          : ok
opbin div       : ok
opbin div wrong : ok
opbin mod       : ok
opbin mod wrong : ok
opun -          : ok
no input        : ok
bad type        : ok
bad type2       : ok
bad type3       : ok
bad type4       : ok
wrong return    : ok
suma            : ok
mieszanka       : ok
priorytety1     : ok
priorytety2     : ok
maximum         : ok
bez input       : ok
ulamki          : ok
ulamki2         : ok
brak zmiennej   : ok
suma cyfr dz    : ok
dama krol       : ok
dama krol2      : ok
if1             : ok
if2             : ok
if22            : ok
if3             : ok
dzielnik2lub3   : ok
dzielnik2lub3 2 : ok
err             : ok
0inc            : ok
0undefVar       : ok
easy0div        : ok
boolBadType     : ok
answerForEverything: ok
multipleSub     : ok
simpleLet       : ok
twiceLet        : ok
saveIf          : ok
twiceIf         : ok
schoolExample   : ok
hardBoolBadType : ok
simpleBoolLet   : ok
5Input          : ok
twiceLetWithBools: ok
twiceLetWithBoolsRuntimeError: ok
saveIfDoubleNot : ok
constValue      : ok
unary           : ok
decrement       : ok
doesntMakeSense : ok
notAllUsed      : ok
constant        : ok
looksBadButItsNot: ok
looksBadAndItsBad: ok
runtimeAnyway   : ok
undefVar        : ok
intIf           : ok
wrongUBool      : ok
wrongUInt       : ok
wrongBInt       : ok
wrongBBool      : ok
wrongBRel       : ok
differentInIf   : ok
inputAlwaysInt  : ok
wrongResult     : ok
opticalIllusion : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
sumaRoznychTypow: ok
zwracaBool      : ok
ifInt           : ok
nieznanaZmienna : ok
test1           : ok
notInt          : ok
test2           : ok
test3           : ok
sumaBool        : ok
zwracaFalse     : ok
porownBool      : ok
test4           : ok
zwracaTrue      : ok
test5           : ok
nieznaneZmienne : ok
test6           : ok
test7           : ok
test8           : ok
let_inFalse     : ok
test9           : ok
zwrTrue         : ok
test10          : ok
zwrBool         : ok
Val 1           : ok
Val 2           : ok
Val 3           : ok
Val 4           : ok
Val 5           : ok
Val 6           : ok
Val 7           : ok
Val 8           : ok
Val 9           : ok
Val 10          : ok
Val 11          : ok
Val 12          : ok
Val 13          : ok
Val 14          : ok
Val 15          : ok
Val 16          : ok
Val 17          : ok
Val 18          : ok
Val 19          : ok
Val 20          : ok
Val 21          : ok
Val 22          : ok
Val 23          : ok
Type 1          : ok
Type 2          : ok
Type 3          : ok
Type 4          : ok
Type 5          : ok
Type 6          : ok
inc             : ok
undefVar        : ok
suma            : ok
mieszanka       : ok
priorytety1     : ok
priorytety2     : ok
maximum         : ok
bez input       : ok
ulamki          : ok
ulamki2         : ok
brak zmiennej   : ok
suma cyfr dz    : ok
dama krol       : ok
dama krol2      : ok
if1             : ok
if2             : ok
if22            : ok
if3             : ok
dzielnik2lub3   : ok
dzielnik2lub3 2 : ok
err             : ok
